## 7.1.1 - Unreleased

- Properly handle `requireJS` errors during hot restarts.
- Fix an issue where calling add breakpoint in quick succession
  would corrupt the internal state.

## 7.1.0

- Fix a potential null issue while resuming.
- Depend on the latest `package:vm_service`.
- Fix crash in expression evaluation on null isolate.
- Fix incorrect file name detection for full kernel files.
- Add `ExpressionCompilerService.startWithPlatform` API
  to enable running expression compiler worker from
  a given location.
- Support Chrome `skipLists` to improve stepping performance.
- Export `AbsoluteImportUriException`.
- Depend on the latest `package:vm_service` which supports a new
  `limit` parameter to `getStack`.

## 7.0.2

- Depend on the latest `pacakge:sse`.
- Add more verbose logging around `hotRestart`, `fullReload` and
  entrypoint injection.

## 7.0.1

- Fix an issue where we attempted to find locations for the special
  `dart_library` module.

## 7.0.0

- Add support for the Dart Development Service (DDS). Introduces 'single
  client mode', which prevents additional direct connections to DWDS when
  DDS is connected.
- Update metadata reader version to `2.0.0`. Support reading metadata
  versions `2.0.0` and `1.0.0`.
- Support custom hosts and HTTPs traffic in a `ProxyServerAssetReader`.
- Remove heuristics from require strategies and use metadata to look up
  module paths.
  - Fix issue where upgrading `build_web_compilers` would cause missing
    module assets (JavaScript code and source maps).
- Fix issue where open http connections prevent the process for exiting.
- Add `ExpressionCompilationService` class that runs ddc in worker mode to
  support expression evaluation for clients that use build systems to build
  the code.
- Require at least `devtools` and `devtools_server` version `0.9.2`.
- Require at least `dds` version `1.4.1`.
- Require at least `build_web_compilers` version  `2.12.0`.
- Update min sdk constraint to `>=2.10.0`.
- Update `MetadataProvider` to throw an `AbsoluteImportUriException` when
  absolute file paths are used in an import uri.

**Breaking changes:**
- Change `ExpressionCompiler` to require a new `updateDependencies` method.
- Update a number of `LoadStrategy` APIs to remove heuristics and rely on
  the `MetadataProvider`.
- No longer require a `LogWriter` and corresponding `verbose` arguement
  but instead properly use `package:logger`.
- `FrontendServerRequireStrategyProvider` now requires a `digestProvider`.

## 6.0.0

- Depend on the latest `package:devtools` and `package:devtools_server`.
- Support using WebSockets for the debug backend by passing
  `useSseForDebugBackend: false` to `Dwds.start()`
- Ensure we run main on a hot restart request even if no modules were
  updated.
- Allow reading metadata generated by `dev_compiler` from file to supply
  module information to `Dwds`.
- Hide JavaScript type errors when hovering over text in the debugger.
- Fix an issue where reusing a connection could cause a null error.
- Improve the heuristic which filters JS scopes for debugging needs.

**Breaking Changes:**
- Require access to the `.ddc_merged_metadata` file.
- Remove deprecated parameter `restoreBreakpoints` as breakpoints are now
  set by regex URL and Chrome automatically reestablishes them.

## 5.0.0

- Have unimplemented VM service protocol methods return the RPC error
  'MethodNotFound' / `-32601`.
- Fix an issue where the application main function was called before a
  hot restart completed.
- Breaking change `AssetReader` now requires a `metadataContents` implementation.

## 4.0.1

- Fixed issue where `getSupportedProtocols` would return the wrong protocol.

## 4.0.0

- Pin the `package:vm_service` version to prevent unintended breaks.

## 3.1.3

- Fix an issue where the injected client served under `https` assumed the
  corresponding SSE handler was also under `https`.


## 3.1.2

- Gracefully handle multiple injected clients on a single page.
- Update to the latest `package:vm_service` and use more RPCError error
  codes on call failures.
- Update the `require_restarter` to rerun main after a hot restart to align with
  the legacy strategy. We therefore no longer send a `RunRequest` after a hot
  restart.
- Compute only the required top frame for a paused event. 
- Change `streamListen` to return an `RPCError` / error code `-32601` for streams
  that are not handled.
- Populate information about async Dart frames.
- Populate the `exception` field in debugger pause event when we break as a result
  of an exception.
- Prompt users to install the Dart Debug Extension if local debugging does not work.
- Allow for the injected client to run with CSP enforced.
- Implement the `getMemoryUsage()` call.
- Fix an issue where the injected client could cause a mixed content error.

## 3.1.1

- Change the reported names for isolates to be more terse.
- Implemented the 'PossibleBreakpoints' report kind for `getSourceReport()`.
- Change the returned errors for the unimplemented `getClassList` and `reloadSources`
  methods to -32601 ('method does not exist / is not available').
- Do not include native JavaScipt objects on stack returned from the debugger.

## 3.1.0

- Support Chromium based Edge.
- Depend on latest `package:sse` version `3.5.0`.
- Bypass connection keep-alives when shutting down to avoid delaying process shutdown.
- Fix an issue where the isolate would incorrectly be destroyed after connection reuse.

## 3.0.3

- Support the latest version of `package:shelf_packages_handler`.
- Throw a more useful error if during a hot restart there is no
  active isolate.
- Fix a race condition in which loading module metadata could cause
  a crash.
- Correct scope detection for expression evaluation
- Silence verbose and recoverable exceptions during expression evaluation
- Return errors from ChromeProxyService.evaluateInFrame as ErrorRef so
  they are not shown when hovering over source in the IDE

## 3.0.2

- Fix an issue in JS to Dart location translation in `ExpressionEvaluator`.
  JS location returned from Chrome is 0-based, adjusted to 1-based.

## 3.0.1

- Drop dependency on `package_resolver` and use `package_config` instead.
- Bump min sdk constraint to `>=2.7.0`.

## 3.0.0

- Depend on the latest `package:vm_service` version `4.0.0`.

**Breaking Changes:**
- Delegate to the `LoadStrategy` for module information:
  - moduleId -> serverPath
  - serverPath -> moduleId

## 2.0.1

- Fix an issue where we would return prematurely during a `hotRestart`.
- Fix an issue where we would incorrectly fail if a `hotRestart` had to
  fall back to a full reload.

## 2.0.0

- Depend on the latest `package:vm_service` version `3.0.0+1`.

**Breaking Changes:**
- Now require a `LoadStrategy` to `Dwds.start`. This package defines two
  compatible load strategies, `RequireStrategy` and `LegacyStrategy.
- `Dwds.start` function signature has been changed to accept one more parameter
  of new interface type `ExpressionCompiler` to support expression
  evaluation
- Provide an implementation of the `RequireStrategy` suitable for use with
  `package:build_runner`.
- Simplify hot reload logic and no longer provide module level hooks.

## 1.0.1

- Make the `root` optional for the `ProxyServerAssetReader`.

## 1.0.0

- Fix an issue where files imported with relative paths containing `../` may fail
  to resolve breakpoint locations.
- Remove dependency on `package:build_daemon`.
- Add `FrontendServerAssetReader` for use with Frontend Server builds.
- Depend on latest `package:sse` for handling client reconnects transparently on the server.
- Fix an issue where a failure to initiate debugging through the Dart Debug
  Extension would cause your development server to crash.
- Fix an issue where trying to launch DevTools in a non-debug enabled Chrome
  instance could crash your development server.

**Breaking Changes:**
- No longer use the `BuildResult` abstraction from `package:build_daemon` but
  require a similar abstraction provided by this package.
- `AssetHandler` has been renamed to `AssetReader` and no longer provides a
  generic resource handler. Specific methods for the required resources are now
  clearly defined. The new abstraction is now consumed through `dwds.dart`.
- `BuildRunnerAssetHandler` has been renamed to `ProxyServerAssetReader` and is
  now consumed through `dwds.dart`.

## 0.9.0

- Expose `middleware` and `handler`.

**Breaking Change:** The `AssetHandler` will not automatically be added the
  DWDS handler cascade. You must now also add the `middelware` to your server's
  pipeline.

## 0.8.5

- Always bind to `localhost` for the local debug workflow.
- Fix an issue where breakpoints could cause DevTools to hang.

## 0.8.4

- Support using WebSockets for the debug (VM Service) proxy by passing
  `useSseForDebugProxy: false` to `Dwds.start()`

## 0.8.3

- Support nesting Dart applications in iframes.

## 0.8.2

- Add the ability to receive events from the extension in batches.

## 0.8.1

- Depend on the latest `package:built_value`.

## 0.8.0

- Add temporary support for restoring breakpoints. Eventually the Dart VM
  protocol will clearly define how breakpoints should be restored.
- Depend on latest `package:sse` to get retry logic.
- Don't spawn DevTools if `serveDevTools` is false.
- `UrlEncoder` will also encode the base URI used by the injected client /
  Dart Debug Extension.
** Breaking Change ** `serveDevTools` is not automatically considered true if
  `enableDebugExtension`is true.

## 0.7.9

- Properly wait for hot reload to complete with the legacy module system.
- Fix issue with `getObject` for a class with a generic type.

## 0.7.8

- Support optional argument `urlEncoder` that is used to encode remote URLs for
  use with the Dart Debug Extension.

## 0.7.7

- Handle getObject for primitives properly.
- Properly black box scripts if query parameters are provided.

## 0.7.6

- Fix issue with source map logic for the legacy module system.
- Allow setting breakpoints multiple times and just return the old breakpoint.
- Fix a bug with Maps that contain lists of simple types.

## 0.7.5

- The injected client's connection is now based off the request URI.
- Fix an issue where resuming while paused at the start would cause an error.
- Expose the `ChromeDebugException` class for error handling purposes.
- Expose the `AppConnectionException` class for error handling purposes.
- DevTools will now launch immediately and lazily sets up necessary state.
- Properly set `pauseBreakpoints` on `kPauseBreakpoint` events.
- Greatly improves handling of List, Map and IdentityMap instances.
- Lazily parse source maps to improve performance for large applications.

## 0.7.4

- Deobfuscate DDC extension method stack traces.
- Properly get all libraries with the `legacy` module system.

## 0.7.3

- Correctly set `Isolate` state if debugging is initiated after the application
  has already started.

## 0.7.2

- Account for root directory path when using `package:` URIs with `DartUri`.

## 0.7.1

- Fix a bug where we would try to create a new isolate even for a failed
  hot restart. This created a race condition that would lead to a crash.
- Don't attempt to write a vm service request to a closed connection.
  - Instead we log a warning with the attempted request message and return.
- Make all `close` methods more robust by allowing them to be called more than
  once and returning the cached future from previous calls.
- Add explicit handling of app not loaded errors when handling chrome pause
  events.

## 0.7.0

- `DWDS.start` now requires an `AssetHandler` instead of `applicationPort`,
  `assetServerPort` and `applicationTarget`.
- Expose a `BuildRunnerAssetHandler` which proxies request to the asset server
  running within build runner.
- Support the Legacy Module strategy through the injected client.
- Support DDK sourcemap URIs.
- Update SDK dependency to minimum of 2.5.0.

### Bug Fixes:

- Fix handling of chrome pause events when we have no isolate loaded yet.

## 0.6.2

- Capture any errors that happen when handling SSE requests in the DevHandler
  and return an error response to the client code.
  - Log error responses in the client to the console.
- Handle empty Chrome exception descriptions.

## 0.6.1

- Add `isolateRef` to `Isolate`s `pauseEvent`s.
- Depend on the latest `package:vm_service`.
- Implements `invoke`.
- Adds support for VM object IDs for things that don't have Chrome object Ids
  (e.g. int, double, bool, null).

## 0.6.0

- Add new required parameter `enableDebugging` to `Dwds.start`. If `false` is
  provided, debug services will not run. However, reload logic will continue
  to work with the injected client.
- Handle injected client SSE errors.
- Handle a race condition when the browser is refreshed in the middle of setting
  up the debug services.

## 0.5.5

- Properly set the `pauseEvent` on the `Isolate`.
- Fix a race condition with Hot Restarts where the Isolate was not created in
  time for pause events.

## 0.5.4

- Fix issue where certain required fields of VM service protocol objects were
  null.
- Properly set the `exceptionPauseMode` on the `Isolate`.
- Depend on the latest `DevTools`.

## 0.5.3

- Fix issue where certain required fields of VM service protocol objects were
  null.

## 0.5.2

- Fix issue where certain required fields of VM service protocol objects were
  null.
- Properly display `Closure` names in the debug view.

## 0.5.1

- Fix an issue where missing source maps would cause a crash. A warning will
  now be logged to the console instead.
- Depend on the latest `package:webkit_inspection_protocol`.

## 0.5.0

- Fix an issue where we source map paths were not normalized.
- Added a check to tests for the variable DWDS_DEBUG_CHROME to run Chrome with a
  UI rather than headless.
- Catch unhandled errors in `client.js` and recommend using the
  `--no-injected-client` flag for webdev users.
- Add support for an SSE connection with Dart DevTools.
- Rename `wsUri` to `uri` on `DebugConnection` to reflect that the uri may not
  be a websocket.
- Depend on latest `package:vm_service`.

## 0.4.0

- Move `data` abstractions from `package:webdev` into `package:dwds`.
- Move debugging related handlers from `package:webdev` into `package:dwds`.
- Move injected client from `package:webdev` into `package:dwds`.
- Create new public entrypoint `dwds.dart`. Existing public API `services.dart`
  is now private.

## 0.3.3

- Add support for `getScript` for paused isolates.
- Add support for `onRequest` and `onResponse` listeners for the vm service.

## 0.3.2

- Add support for `scope` in `evaluate` calls.

## 0.3.1

- Improve error reporting for evals, give the full JS eval in the error message
  so it can be more easily reproduced.

## 0.3.0

- Change the exposed type on DebugService to VmServiceInterface

## 0.2.1

- Support `setExceptionPauseMode`.

## 0.2.0

- Added custom tokens to the `wsUri` for increased security.
  - Treating this as a breaking change because you now must use the `wsUri`
    getter to get a valid uri for connecting to the service, when previously
    combining the port and host was sufficient.

## 0.1.0

- Initial version
